fix terraform doc error (#10861)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/terraform-use-cluster-resource.md

2. Run the `terraform apply --auto-approve` command and you will get the cluster specification information.

>     Click the following line to get a part of the results for your reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the following line to get a part of example results for your reference.
```

    The following provides only a part of the results for your reference.

    <details>
      <summary>Cluster specification</summary>

>     {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
    {
```

    The following provides only a part of the results for your reference.

    <details>

>       <summary>Cluster specification</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <summary>Cluster specification</summary>
   
```

>     The following provides only a part of the results for your reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the following line to get a part of the results for your reference.
```

          },
        ])
      }
    ```

>     </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    </details>
```
